You came just in time
Help me see which of the two paintings is more pleasing to the eye
Yes, Brother Kobayashi
You still have this craft
And you can support your family with that.
Oh, I feel that too.
It's a little hard for me to choose
What are you doing?
Selling money is the mountain standard of our villa
When you see these logos printed out
Stick to our gift bags including compressors
Just wait for the logo printed with these patterns
The box is ready and packed.
Our jewelry can be sold normally.
It can be sold so soon.
A little strange
Products also need to be tested when they go on the market.
But our camellia is wild.
Zero pollution should be fine.
By the way, how is the acquisition of camellia?
Already around 1,100 kilograms
That's okay. Are you ready to send some goods to the county seat?
Then wait for our funds to come back.
Register your own trademark
Hey, I'll be busy by then
Then I'll go get ready first
You're not the only one preparing
And it also requires momentum for everyone to prepare.
Just these packages
Customer service, delivery, etc., requires a lot of manpower.
And I'm going to make Li Ming the spokesperson too.
Okay, bro, even thought of this
A huge plan
It was already formed in my mind
As long as we go step by step
Sure no problem
Well, then I'll go and ship it to the mall.
Lay out our goods early.
Launch our brand early